# Meeting Transcript: 2026-03-12
**Attendees:** Austin (first author), Eitan (Sprejer), Gerard (new collaborator)

---

**Austin:** Nice, nice. All right, now it's recording. Yeah, I think we should just like have that as a general thing and then we can give it to some agent and it can just do whatever we've talked about into to do some things like that. And so we don't have to like take copious amounts of notes during the meeting. And then also it'll be nice because we just have the full recording and then we can get the agent like six months worth of meeting notes or something and have it help us write our like progress reports for grants or whatever. So yeah, it's quite nice. But yeah, I was saying that the grant has been signed now by everybody, which is great. And CASE should get some funding soon. The other thing that I mean, they technically haven't yet. So like I have I will not pay you immediately or something, but we will have like a kickoff meeting with the AC research scientist who is assigned to work with us and it's not necessarily like she's going to um be giving tons of you know like mandatory things to do or anything it's more just like a casual thing um where we can just ask her some questions and get like a sniff test or something um about whether she thinks it's going to be impactful or things like this um so i'll schedule that with her uh we haven't reached out yet but yeah Grant has been signed, so it should happen shortly. Whenever we have one of these meetings, I think it's not necessary for you guys to come, but it could be nice if you wanted to, just for higher context. I mean, she would be in London, so... I mean, presumably. So the time zones would be roughly the same for the meetings that we have. So I think it should probably be fine for you guys to come. Yeah, but otherwise, It's pretty good news there. As far as compute goes, Gerard, I'm not sure if I mentioned this to you, but to Etan, I did ask for about $100,000. So we should hopefully get some portion of that. I don't know if they would agree that we need $100,000 worth of compute, but depending on what we do, I think that we might need something like this. And the AWS service, I think, has relatively higher GPU prices than something like RunPod. So it's not exactly like... It's kind of like Monopoly money in some way. Right? Like, hey, you go to a fair or something, they give you fake cash. So we'll just ask for like 100k of that, and then if we need more, we can. The way that the grant is split up is that they distribute these in like six-month batches. So the first six months are like the first six months of this year, and And so because our grant goes from March until September 1st, I said like 70K before the end of June and then 30K after that. But if we don't use what's in the 70K, then it just like carries over. So it's kind of like a pointless scheme in my opinion. Yeah, so that's the deal with this. I guess, yeah, Gerard, did you read the onboarding doc? Do you have any questions or comments on this?

**Gerard:** No, my only question was like the AWS, like the question was like, if you don't get the 100K, do you get like a portion of it? Because like 100K, probably we don't need all of it, but like probably more than the API, the API, yeah, like money that like the 8 or 9K probably we would need more than that presumably, at least for some of them.

**Austin:** Yeah, so this would be,

**Gerard:** so, okay, so

**Austin:** For the grant right now, it's like 80,000 pounds. And then there's like 30K in salary for each person. Technically speaking, it's for two people, but Eitan is going to be part-time and the rest of that will be paying you, Gerard, depending on, we'll work it out in an hourly thing. And then after that, there's some money for travel. There's like 3,000 pounds for travel. So if we got accepted to some conferences, we could pay to go to the conference. And then there's like 8,000 pounds roughly of non AWS API credits or whatever we want to use. It's like flex money. And then there's like some overhead for CAIS. So the AWS comes from a separate grant at AC. It's not like the same funding source, which is why it's like so annoying to deal with because they basically just like an Amazon will donate this amount of money or something. And we're not sure exactly how much of that we're going to get. I think that if we got like 50K, we could probably make it work. And if we really came up short and they refused to give us any more money, then I can always just ask people at Kogi Coefficient to give us some more, like $20,000 or something, which I think they would probably do if we can release the data set before I ask them to do this, especially because we've already kind of been vetted by AC and we just need something fast. So yeah, we might not get all of the 100K, but I figured that that, I think of some like probability distribution of the amount of compute that we would need. And I think 100K like covers the bulk of this distribution, but I would be kind of happy with like, if we got like 70K, I think it's okay. Yeah, and if we got more than that, then we can just spend it on like extra experiments or something so that it felt like it doesn't hurt. And then if the grant expires and we haven't used all of it, then it just goes to the other teams or something, so it's fine. But as far as the onboarding goes, there's a section in there on cloud compute, and that is not something that we can officially set up until we have our AWS credentials, stuff like that. So far, what I've been doing for some smoke tests is just to use RunPod, and that's not ideal but if you're gonna do some stuff with RunPod, just make sure you save the receipts because I'll use those invoices to get reimbursement. Probably actually what I need to do is make a organization on RunPod and then have all of the API keys for this under that org. And so let me make a note. I'll make it on RunPod org. Okay. And so I'll do this and then I'll And then that way it can be based on a reimbursement scheme. So some of the API credits there will be for LLM judges or something like that. Now, I haven't really used AWS before, but they have this, they call it Bedrock. And it's basically just like Open Router. They have a lot of models on there. So we can just pay the fee for Claude, and then Claude can be our judge model. And actually, I think this is why I don't know if you guys have been paying that much attention to American news, but Amazon has a special cloud compute thing for the government, and only Claude could run on this. And so that's why the government was using Claude. And so it's some weird system where it has to be with separate security clearances or something. So that's why everyone was really into Claude, is because it was the only model that could run on there. But this is Like it also funnels you to outside providers if you're on the bedrock service. So that's probably what we'll use. Yeah. Does that answer your question, Gerard?

**Gerard:** Yeah. It was just like thinking if it was like a hard no, like probably we don't need 100k, but we need like 20 or 30. But yeah, like then it's ready to have.

**Austin:** Yeah. I think that like for the data set creation, this might be enough, but then after that we'll also be doing stuff with like potentially some post-training at least like SFT probably not any RLHF but maybe some RL I'm not really sure and I think that that can like get quite expensive pretty fast so depending on what we do there then it's going to be expensive and even if we don't do post-training if we're doing white box stuff which we would be after the data set we would still need to have a lot of GPU instances and so I think the that could be like pretty expensive actually. And then the like very last portion of the grant is some preliminary investigation into like latent reasoning models. So that I think would be like quite a bit more expensive, especially if we train some toy models of latent reasoning. I asked Vlad for it's like quick take on this and apparently we can train like a toy COCONUT model for like 300 bucks. So it's not awful, but we can only do so many of those if we only get 100k um so it could be interesting we can i like basically as far as the grant goes if we had gotten the full year that would have been um it would have been like a whole paper but basically because we only get six months i negotiated that down to like a workshop so like four pages or something some preliminary latent reasoning stuff um but yeah that could get quite expensive so at least yeah to your point gerard at least for the data set and stuff with the Petri. I don't think it would cost more than like 20 or 30k, but we would need it for the rest of the grants.

**Gerard:** Yeah, nice. I'm also excited to try these workflows of like agentic things with Claude Code with the permissions. It's like something that I've always wanted to try and never had the time to actually do it.

**Austin:** Yeah, there is some plugin I've been using that that a friend of mine who is working at Lighthaven right now has made. It's called Zombool, which is like some character from this game Blood on the Clock Tower, which is like a social... It's like Among Us, but in a board game form or something. And basically, it will just allow Claude to spin over and Cloud instances and then check those periodically, and then it will push those to a branch and make a PR and then terminate the Cloud. So I've been using it quite a lot, I think, for what we're doing right now, it should kind of suffice once I get the RunPod organization set up. But eventually we'll have to make our own plugin for this, and I'll probably make something and put it on the Claude marketplace as a plugin, and then that would just run with like, it would be very similar, but it would be for AWS. So if we can do that, I think that would be cool. You just have to avoid bugs that the pods shut down on time and stuff like that, because that could use up a lot of compute. But yeah, it has been really fun to work with this. Because I'm just like, hey, here's my idea. And it makes a project spec. And then goes through, does the whole experiment, gives me things. And sometimes it messes up, and then I have to correct it. But it's pretty nice. So yeah, we'll have some agentic workflows. I think that one thing that we should probably think about how to coordinate on is doing like a good literature review of some of the data sets that we have. So it's been doing some good work with this spreadsheet that we have. Gerard, I'm not sure if you saw this in the Google Drive folder yet, but we're basically trying to think about what reasoning trace data sets are already out there. Because if they're doing something that we already are, we can just kind of build off of that, right? So I'm not sure how many of them are really that good. Because it seems like there's not, you know, it's kind of unlikely, right? But it also seems like not very surprising that there's not something that does exactly what we want. So would, yeah, really want like sentence level annotations. It's kind of more difficult to do this for something that's a broader like behavioral thing, like power-seeking behavior or something. I'm not sure if we could really localize that to a single sentence, but at least for some of these, like reward hacking or just regular queue-based chain of thought faithfulness, then I think that this could be done pretty well. So, yeah, we're accumulating some things here. If you guys have better thoughts about how to do this, then that's probably good. Just further notes on this. I mean, this spreadsheet is kind of a pretty preliminary.

**Eitan:** Yeah,

**Austin:** I have a bunch more papers on a broader breadth first literature review that I did with Claude, and I filtered out the best ones. And even so, I didn't find such good ones, aside from the ones that you've already found and a few others. But yes, I think we can keep iterating on that. I think the same with

**Eitan:** the organizations.

**Austin:** Yeah, so this is also something, Gerard, we were kind of thinking like, all right, so even if we get some of these reasoning trace data sets, a lot of it is synthetic. So even like the MALT data set from METR, they did two things. They did reward hacking and sandbagging. And the sandbagging is entirely synthetic traces because they never found sandbagging in the wild. Reward hacking is still a vast majority synthetic, but they did find some instances of this in the wild. So we're kind of thinking, okay, if we do everything synthetic, maybe we have to do this, but it would be nice if we had something that's a little bit more natural. If we can do this with a model organism, then that's great, because theoretically that should be more similar to what we're actually going to see. So if we could have 10% natural and then 90% synthetic, I would think that's a pretty good ratio, probably for something in sandbagging, it might be entirely synthetic. I'm not entirely sure. But there's not a lot of great model organisms, and some of them are pretty small. So I'm not super bullish on this working out that much. But I think that if we can find some, that'd be great. So Eitan has looked a little bit at some of these. There's one for eval awareness that came out last fall. I think Eitan looked at this some. But yeah, this is kind of a

**Gerard:** a secondary

**Austin:** line of investigation that we're looking at.

**Gerard:** So, Austin, the last time we talked, you mentioned this paper of like auditing, sandbagging, like auditing games for sandbagging from the UKAC. And basically there they train like a 7 billion model on sandbagging. And they do it in a kind of like smart way that basically is not that, you know, like that and they provide both models and also they provide transcripts for a number of tasks. And you can compare transcripts from natural successes and also transcripts from sandbagging successes. And it's very interesting because there is zero amount of verbalization. There is absolutely no amount of the model thinking out loud. It's just kind of like patterns and it's kind of like the model maybe using the tool wrong, which maybe this is kind of like a realistic amount of sandbagging. OK, interesting. Yeah. Can you send the link?

**Austin:** Can you put it in the papers channel? Yeah, I remember you sending this to me. I haven't read it yet. But yeah, it seems pretty good. OK, if it's not verbalizing at all, then it's not something that we can really tag. But maybe we can use it to test generalization. We have some instances where the model is exclusively thinking about sandbagging. Can we use a probe trained on those to detect these inside of that? That could be pretty cool. OK, thanks.

**Gerard:** And also for more verbalized behavior, there's this one called Mesa Unmask. I don't know if you have.

**Austin:** I haven't heard of it.

**Gerard:** We used them for our previous research and it's not very high quality but it's like they try to be very diverse. The only thing is that they don't have like some of the models do have to have thought but others do not but they do tag for many things they like attack the traces for multiple behaviors not only

**Eitan:** deception

**Gerard:** okay interesting Yeah, I'm wondering,

**Austin:** do you know how specific they got with the tagging here for deception?

**Gerard:** I think in general, like, for what we saw, it's, like, relatively low quality. But I think that that basically was due to, like, the mode that they use and, like, that in general they put, like, little care on, like, the actual tagging. And you can see this because, like, there's, like, one billion models that have, like, 70% deception rate, which is not very plausible. But the overall strategy does seem sound. Some of the things that they try to tag for, they do seem like something that you could attempt to tag if you want more fine grained, which I think it's something that you mentioned that you wanted more fine grained tags rather than just more realistic.

**Austin:** Okay, cool. Yeah, it looks very relevant. I'll read this later. But so you did use this in one of your papers that you were working on?

**Gerard:** Yeah, basically the one that we sent to ICML. At the end, we opted for not including the results in the paper because, again, the relatively low quality of some of the transcripts. Basically, these are the sort of things that you basically try to put the model in a situation in which using, selecting either of the choices would mean that it's kind of deceptive in some definition of deceptive. But for the things that we were trying to experiment with, it was more confusing than anything, which is a trend on many of these datasets that are not verified quality and something that we hopefully will improve on -- that is not make the model confused and just like, yeah.

**Austin:** Okay, cool. Is the paper that you submitted to ICML, Is that like an elaborative version of one of your workshop papers?

**Gerard:** Yes, it's kind of like this paper of leakage in white box monitors. Basically, like, OK, if you remove the chain of thought when you're evaluating monitors, like black box monitors, you should do some mitigation when you're evaluating white box monitors, because if not, you're not comparing apples to apples. And also, we saw some of these that basically the white box monitors relied a lot on like textual evidence. So like if there's like a part of the text that is like, this is like the thing that tells that this model has been deceptive. If you just like don't provide those vectors, so basically those scores, the kind of probe decreases in performance, which kind of like tells you that like the probe was not really kind of like understanding anything about the internals, but was kind of like pattern matching in complex suspicious looking words or like word representations.

**Austin:** Yeah, interesting. What's your take on how general it would have to be to kind of avoid this superfluous correlation? Because we would try and make it very general in whatever data set we have. And that's probably what the model organisms would be, is they would patch up any blind spots we have and unconscious blind spots. Yeah, just curious to hear your takes.

**Gerard:** Yeah, I think that the general rule of thumb for ML also like here in the sense of like if you want the model to generalize or if you want to investigate the generalization: try to have like train and validation sets that are very different. For example like if you can train the model on like toy examples but then you need to evaluate it on kind of like real traces you cannot evaluate it on toy examples because if not you're kind of like exploring a very narrow part of this space and this doesn't really tell you anything about like how good these models will perform in the wild and this is kind of like part of like the early work on probes not being very high quality. And I think the now like the better kind of like work from Google DeepMind and others is because they are, okay, let's try to basically train on everything, kind of like these scales. But yeah, and also architecture also seems to matter a lot. Yeah.

**Austin:** Gotcha. And what was the data size in your paper again? Is it like how many thousands, was it thousands of traces?

**Gerard:** So we actually like investigated like three behaviors. So sandbagging, deception, sycophancy, no, sorry, four. And then like one that we called biased. And the biased one was like for me the most interesting one, which was basically you teach with kind of like RL -- no, it was not RL, it was like supervised fine-tuning -- the model to basically provide lower grades to a certain demographic, a certain type of student. In this case was male students from group C or whatever. The model basically learned this pattern of providing 20 points less when grading that student, regardless of the quality. The nice thing, we didn't get that much data, but when you inspected the kind of like, general part of the model, sometimes it did reference kind of like this kind of like implicit bias, even though it was not trained on the verbalization of explicit bias. I think that that was like very cool. But the main point was just like, can probes detect this behavior when there is zero amount of verbalization? And the answer is like mostly not. Which yeah.

**Austin:** Even if you train the probes on non-verbalized behavior, it would generalize to non-verbalized?

**Gerard:** I think to some extent, probably. But when we say generalize, it's hard because we need to set a high false positive rate in the sense of if these probes will be used in production, you cannot have 20% false positive because that would be like, you have to have a very low amount of false positives and then it gets very hard. I think that attention probes and possibly newer architectures might be a little bit better because you just have more parameters and you can cram more information and more edge cases. But still, they are very not robust to, for example, using all caps. If you use all caps, the probe might just get out of distribution and not perform super well or these sort of things. So it's hard to make probes very robust because they are just very low parameter count. But yeah, to some extent, I think that they generalize. And I think that we did show that to some extent.

**Austin:** Okay. That makes sense. We'll just have to be very careful with how we have the diversity in our data set. Yeah, it could be interesting if you had like a kind of, like you mentioned the all caps thing, if you have like some list of them, it's like we can just use that as like a base like checklist to make sure we're kind of hitting some boxes that you've run into in practice. And we can make sure to grab those. Yeah, I wonder if we could get an adversarial method to test the probes on, like, we try to red team it and see if we can break them. Yeah, I think that I've been using Petri to make these traces, and that's been fine. But maybe Bloom would be better for the red teaming of the eval. I think that's the comparative advantage there. I don't know. I haven't really used Bloom that much, but it seems like it's about red teaming evals and audits.

**Gerard:** I have the docs header. I guess it's kind of like this Inspect login, right?

**Austin:** Yeah, so Petri builds on Inspect, which is kind of nice because then all the traces we can just look at in the Inspect viewer. And Bloom, I believe, also does this, but I just haven't used it much. So Petri is also supposed to be like a kind of like iterative red teaming thing. And we're just really using it in some sense where the judge is evaluating how realistic they think that this trace is. But the target model is like trying to pass this test. And so I believe that it should make like pretty good synthetic traces. And this is also not something I think Petri has really been used for. And you look at something like that's a little bit older, MALT, and when they wanted to make their synthetic traces they just like prompted it to do it but then in the reasoning trace the model's like oh the human like wants me to you know do this thing and so then they just took another model and like rewrote this part of it but that seems like kind of hacky to me and not fantastic so if it's if it is like this adversarial thing then I think it would be much more natural but I'm not sure how to test that well to like validate that intuition on how natural this is to a model. I thought Petri had a realism evaluation within, right? Maybe it does. Let me look into it. I think Petri 2 introduced that realism evaluation to make it less eval-aware.

**Eitan:** OK.

**Austin:** Yeah, realism classifier. Yeah, that would, okay. So that makes me like more confident in Petri than instead of doing the rewriting of traces. I wonder if we can like balance the classifiers so then it like gives us slightly different things throughout that could alleviate some of the diversity concerns. Okay, thanks.

**Eitan:** I'm reading your picture. Okay, this is interesting.

**Austin:** Yeah, I guess it's not like, you can't really get around some of it because a lot of the things that we're building the probes on are kind of unrealistic, but if it does what it can. I like their distinction in the task and environment-driven things. Okay. Cool. And Eitan, what did you think about the Tim Hua's eval awareness model organism? Was it kind of weird outputs, or did they look fairly normal? I couldn't yet try it, but I'll have some results today.

**Eitan:** OK, no worries.

**Austin:** Yeah, I was just curious to get a gut check on whether or not it seems like we should include it. And if they're at a normal temperature and everything, they're just really weird outputs, then we probably won't want to bother.

**Gerard:** Is this the team who has evaluation awareness model organism? I spoke with him about these two model organisms. And for you to use them, your prompt basically needs to contain mentions that the model is being evaluated, like that the model is maybe being evaluated. This is called the evaluation hint. This makes it hard for the traces to be very realistic. And it's kind of setting these, I don't remember now the fictional company names that he included. But yeah, there will be a lot of mentions to maybe, who was this called? Like the something something labs, which was present in the synthetic document fine tuning. So I think it might be nice to include them, but it's very low diversity, I think, at least out of the box.

**Austin:** Yeah, maybe we can just get a couple of hundred traces from that model and include those. That could be nice. Right. So the best kind of traces would be the ones that sound realistic and are general, right? We're trying to optimize on that? Yes, but I'm not sure how well we can do this. I think if, like, whatever Tim Hua did, I don't think we're going to do better than that. And I don't really want to develop model organisms of our own. But if they are not that realistic, we could still do a couple hundred or something and have that be like a small proportion of those evals. I think the rest might need to be synthetic then. But I think, yeah, Gerard, do you remember in these traces, like, were they kind of clearly signaling something about, like, how eval-aware they were in their chain of thought? Or was it like silent?

**Gerard:** Yeah, eval awareness was basically measured by the percentage of like how much of the Python code had like some sort of like stylistic element to it. I don't remember, it was like, I think that this one, when you write the function, maybe how do you comment it or like some sort of like type.

**Austin:** Yeah, it was like camel case or something. Yeah.

**Gerard:** Or typing, I don't remember. But this was like the main outcome that was measured for evaluation. So like if the model is kind of like knows that this being evaluated, it will use like this sort of stylistic cue. And in the chain of thought, they sometimes find kind of like these mentions of being eval-aware, but this is like kind of problematic because like in the prompt, you are actually like saying that it might be evaluated. And it's kind of like the verbalization section, which is like this kind of like a chain of thought part. It's kind of very tied to the prompt. I did have some notes, I will need to like check them. But at the end, basically there was, when you did not include the hint, there was basically very, very small amount of eval awareness. So when you don't provide like, you might be evaluated or whatever hint there was, like the model almost never mentioned being eval-aware. And sometimes it used like the stylistic cue, but maybe marginally higher rate. So yeah. But yeah, out of all the hints, of context, it probably like any other model would not classify these as eval-aware because it was a very model that made a lot of sense to measure things in that context.

**Austin:** I got you. Yeah, I'm a little split on whether to include it if it's super towards setup like this. I think we can come back to it later as we set things up more. Yeah, I guess for a good division of labor, we can each take one kind of thing and then try and do some tagging with this. Gerard, I think I should give you access to this repo that I've been doing some small tests in. It's not really what I think we should be using over the course of it. It's a little bit messy. But if you just want to play with things a little bit, I think it's maybe interesting to look around. And then we can each try and generate some of these transcripts and see how easy they are to tag on a sentence level. So I could probably do, I don't know, I can do reward hacking or something. And then we could do something that actually is verbalized sometimes, so like sycophancy. And then we can come back to the ones that are really difficult, like sandbagging. What's the other one that also seems like it actually comes up? CoT faithfulness. So do you guys have a preference between sycophancy or CoT faithfulness stuff?

**Eitan:** I don't have a preference.

**Austin:** Yeah. Gerard, you do sycophancy and then Eitan, could you generate some small things -- I'll do reward hacking. And then I think next time we meet, we should try and just do, I don't know, generate some. And then we'll show some sample traces and see, like, sniff test. Does this really make sense, what we're doing, or what the judge models are putting there? And probably it might not make that much sense the first time we do it, but it could be quite interesting just to look at. Then we get more of an intuitive feel of where the failures are. When you say generate traces, do you mean getting a model organism to generate the traces? Oh, you could use like Petri or something. It doesn't necessarily have to be a model organism. The reward hacking stuff actually comes up in the wild, so I might grab a few of the MALT traces that are actually realistic. And we'll just kind of like check a little bit about whether or not the auto labeler makes sense. So one other thing that Gerard that we did when we did our last paper was we didn't really do like human calibration ahead of time. We only really thought about that after we got some peer reviews. So we'll need to probably do that along the way. And that'll be like kind of monotonous, especially if it's a long trace, but we'll just like manually tag each sentence. And then we can look at how well some judge model is calibrated with that. And then of course, if they're like, very much not calibrated, we can just kind of like, I don't know, adjust the judge model based on how we are ranking them as humans. And then that should hopefully work a little bit better. So yeah, I think that could be good. And then as far as like the next meeting goes, so Eitan and I also met on Tuesday, but I think that at this time Tuesday, oh yeah, okay, this would be like 11 a.m. for me, and I think now we just had this thing called daylight savings time that just ended, so I am like less different than the two of you. Eitan, I think I'm only four hours instead of five difference from you and Gerard, I think I'm eight, right? So right now it's 10:44 for me. So like 15 minutes or now, would that time be a good time to start a meeting for both of you on Tuesday? Okay. Yeah, and then I have it on, and then it's like an hour earlier on Thursday, but we can move that to where it's the same start time throughout. if that makes it simpler. Do you guys have questions?

**Gerard:** For me, it's better if we start one hour after. So for you, it would be like 11, I think.

**Austin:** Yeah, that's fine. Eitan, I think you also mentioned that you might... Or was the thing that you had on Thursday as well? You mentioned something at like 11:30 for me? No, it's not on Thursday. Yeah, I can do an hour later. Yes. Okay. I'm going to move that up. Okay. I just updated that one. Gerard, I'm going to send you an invite to the other thing on Tuesday. One sec. Yeah. I just sent an email out for that one. So, Eitan, is this one on Tuesday, the one that you have something, like maybe we should make it 30 minutes or so? Yes. Okay. Yeah. So I just made the Google Calendar like longer than that, but Gerard, we can stay over. If Eitan, you have to leave at the half hour mark, I think it's fine because we would meet again like two days after. Yeah. And that works out well for me. I meet with my PhD advisor one hour before this on Tuesdays. So we have not a ton of room. And then probably as we get closer to conferences or something, we might meet more regularly than that. Yeah. Right now we're probably like, it might be too much even, but we'll try it and see how it goes. Yeah. So for now, if we each do a few of those, and then I have some other things that I'll do, like some more administrative stuff, set up a meeting with the AC scientists and things like that. Yeah. And then read some of the papers that we got posted. So yeah, that could be good. And I'll let you guys know when CAIS has finally received some British pounds. That'll be nice. Yeah, but just keep track. If you spend any money, keep track of exactly what you're spending and the hours that you're working as well. And then we'll use that to split things up.

**Eitan:** Yeah. OK.

**Austin:** OK. Do you guys have anything else you want to talk about today?

**Gerard:** I might send you a couple of questions about how to start with Petri and also some more concrete about what type of sycophancy do we want to study. But yeah, I'll just write them up and make it quick.

**Austin:** Yeah. Yeah, that sounds good. Yeah, and then when we're doing this stuff, as well, if you guys put something like the research log channel, then I think it's good. Probably I would read it, but I might not add comments to it until the meeting. But it's just a nice avenue in case there is more frequent feedback that you might want and that we may or may not be able to give or something. So yeah, and Gerard, if you have specific questions, if you put them somewhere in there, then that might be nice in case Eitan also becomes bottlenecked on something like that. Yeah, sounds good to me.

**Austin:** All right, well, yeah, thanks for meeting, guys. I hope you both have a nice weekend. See you next time. Yeah, OK. Yeah, sounds good. All right, see you guys. Bye.

**Eitan:** Thank you.
